[CAP-2869][CAP-2877] Update Collect Custom Resources- Versions column+new modal (#31195)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/containers/configuration.md

   Each `<CUSTOM_RESOURCE_NAME>` must use the format `group/version/kind`.

1. In the modal, under **Select indexed fields for filtering/sorting**, select the fields you want to index from the custom resource for filtering and sorting. For some CRDs, Datadog provides a default configuration. You can select additional fields if needed.

>     <div class="alert alert-info">After the Datadog Agent is set up, it collects available CRs automatically. Indexing fields is optional.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div class="alert alert-info">After the Datadog Agent is set up, it collects available custom resources automatically. Indexing fields is optional.</div>
```

    {{< img src="infrastructure/containers_view/CRD_indexing_modal_1.mp4" alt="A video of the Collecting and Indexing modal. The cursor selects three fields and clicks Update Fields. A success message displays." video="true">}}

    For arrays of objects, see the [Indexing complex types](#indexing-complex-types) section.

1.  Select **Update Fields** to save.

After the fields are indexed, you can add them as columns in the explorer and sort them, or include them in Saved Views. You can also filter on indexed fields using the prefix `field#`.

### Indexing complex types

> {{< img src="containers/explorer/crd_groupby_1.png" alt="Indexing Configuration: A targets object[] array, with 'Group by' drop down options: no field, containerResource.container, containerResource.name, containerResource.value.type, etc" style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="containers/explorer/crd_groupby_1.png" alt="Indexing Configuration: A targets object[] array, with 'Group by' drop down options: no field, containerResource.container, containerResource.name, containerResource.value.type, etc." style="width:100%;" >}}
```
